[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Never before
have the words good and evil
so dominated our
common vernacular.
But in times of
extreme transformation,
it's inevitable that
this polarized language
would start surfacing.
The movement toward
transhumanism
is drawing up these
words front and center.
So what is the evil component?
Gregg Braden is
here with us today
to share his new book,
Pure Human, with us,
and dive into the agenda
of what many of us
would consider to be pure evil.
Welcome, Gregg.
Haven't seen you in a while.
>> GREG BRADEN: Regina, it
is so good to be with you.
I'm so excited to have
this conversation.
>> REGINA: Me too.
>> BRADEN: It's a dance.
I'm going to follow
your lead wherever
you like this dance to go.
>> REGINA: OK, yeah.
I'm an Argentine tango dancer.
We have to follow
the guy, so we're
going to switch back and forth.
>> BRADEN: And we'll
do it really well.
>> REGINA: Yes, we will.
So let's talk
about, first of all,
when you were going through this
and putting some notes together
for your media
tour on this book,
there was one big question right
at the top, and you say, that is
what is missing from our story?
So let's start there.
>> BRADEN: Regina,
it's fascinating.
I have traveled the world
over the last few years.
I'm not traveling
internationally right now.
Everywhere I go, people
are saying to me, Gregg,
isn't it a coincidence
how all these things
seem to be happening
all at the same time?
Whether we're talking about
climate change or social change
or economic collapse, family
collapse, all of these things,
isn't it interesting how
synchronistic everything is?
What's missing in our story
is that those changes are not
spontaneous.
There is a process that we're
in that very few people are
comfortable talking about.
>> REGINA: I'm comfortable
and so are you, so let's talk.
>> BRADEN: The
process has structure,
has a beginning and has an end.
And it actually goes back
into some of our most ancient
and cherished spiritual
traditions, Regina.
We are casualties of an
ancient struggle that
began long before first humans
ever appeared on this earth
if you're to believe the text.
But struggle began
in another realm.
That's the struggle between what
we call light and dark or better
known as good and evil.
Now, when we talk
about good and evil,
I was born and raised
in the Midwest.
We used to talk about--
we joked about the
little red devil
on his shoulder
and the angel here,
and that was the good and evil.
This is not a metaphor.
Good and evil is very real.
And it's playing out
in many ways that are
deceptive in our world today.
And it is underlying
so many of the changes
that we're seeing in
our world, in general.
There's a concerted movement
now to combine, to merge--
is the term that's being used--
our physical reality,
our physical world,
all the resources, all
the animals, the oceans,
everything, to merge that world
with our digital world, which
has been going on
for a long time.
The new component is the
effort to merge our biology
into this massive,
data-driven, AI-managed system.
And the endpoint for that
has been stated very clearly
through whether we're
talking about the United
Nations and their
Sustainable Development
Goals, the WEF, or many of
the governmental agencies
right now, the policies
are being written,
the laws are being enacted.
They're looking at
2030 as the date
to have this merger
accomplished.
The only way that can happen--
and this is the first time
in human history, Regina,
this is happening.
The only way that
can happen is if we
change our biology to meet
the needs of that outer world.
Always in the past,
we've changed the world
to accommodate us.
Now they want to change us.
They want to replace our
natural biology with synthetics,
computer chips in the brain,
AI, chemicals in the blood,
RFID chips under the
skin, nanosensors
running throughout the body.
And the implications
of that fall
into what we are now
recognizing as this conflict
between good and evil.
The foundation of
the conflict is
the term-- let me use the
term and we'll define it.
It's about human divinity.
And we hear the word divinity,
it means different things
to different people.
>> REGINA: But you're using
a very specific definition.
>> BRADEN: Well, this is
a contemporary definition.
And a lot of people
are surprised by this.
Divinity is the
ability, our ability,
to transcend
perceived limitations.
And that's it.
So let's break this down.
Transcend means to become
more than perceived--
suggests that we're living
limitations-- aren't even real.
They're not even ours.
They're limitations that
we have been indoctrinated
to accept through family,
community, society, religion,
obsolete science.
Those limits are what
free us from fear.
They free us from
illness and disease.
Our expressions of divinity--
imagination, creativity,
innovation, empathy,
sympathy, compassion,
the ability to love
fearlessly, the ability
to forgive without expectation.
These are all expressions
of human divinity.
So now, the goal of
the ancient battle
is to deny human divinity.
And the process that's
unfolding is the replacement
of our natural biology
that prevents us
from accessing that divinity.
>> REGINA: Well said.
Thank you.
And I think we all feel
the impact of it already.
And I'm going to-- before we
go to this next question, Lee
Harris and I did a book
called The Future Human, where
the Z's talked about everything
having to do with our future.
And I asked them a lot of tough
questions, but one of the things
that I was surprised at
and found very interesting,
they said AI has visited
your planet many times.
It's throughout the cosmos, but
never with a dense population,
with this kind of challenge of
decisions that have to be made.
>> BRADEN: Our world is being
prepared for this shift in what
many people are now
calling The Event.
Depending on who
you talk to, there
are different definitions
for The Event.
But The Event, 2030--
>> REGINA: Is that what you're
referring to as the Great Reset
because everyone's
confused on that?
Oh, I thought it was just the
economy they were talking about.
>> BRADEN: So here's where
it gets really interesting.
World Economic
Forum, since 1971,
has had a vision for
what they believe
our world should look like.
They have every right
to have that vision
because they had no
ability to implement that
until the year 2019.
2019, the WEF signed
formal documents
with the United Nations.
And the Sustainable
Development Goals, SDG 2030,
the 17 goals that they want to
have developed by the year 2030,
those two organizations
are now working together
to implement those goals.
Now, if you look at those
goals, on the outside,
they're beautiful goals.
Who wouldn't want them?
Food security, the end of
poverty, global health.
Now, look at the fine print.
And how they propose to achieve
those goals is horrendous.
And this is where the
transhuman movement comes in.
So they just finished-- this
is early 2025 right now,
and they just finished
their most recent meeting.
And they reiterated
in one sentence,
the goal is, by the year
2030, to merge our digital--
and then there's a long
pause in the statement
and then they say, and
our biological worlds
into one massive database
driven by an AI that is already
being developed right now.
So what would be the
problem with that?
It is human divinity.
We're going to go back.
This is the missing piece.
The goal of evil in this
world, in a very real sense,
is to deny human divinity,
to deny our ability to love,
to heal, to innovate,
to create, to imagine.
These are the very
qualities that we
cherish as humans
that set us apart
from every other form of life.
This is the fundamental goal.
So now, what we have for our
community, for our viewers,
this is very powerful,
we have a benchmark.
How do you know when
something is evil?
Anything that
denies our divinity
is an expression of
evil in our lives.
There's technological evil
replacing our biology.
There is psychological evil.
There is social evil.
The lies and the
algorithms that divide us
as families, communities,
societies, nations.
>> REGINA: Evil.
>> BRADEN: These are
all expressions of evil.
And what's so interesting?
Read the ancient text.
Read the Gnostic texts.
They're very clear about this.
This isn't the kind of
evil that you fight.
The old idea of conflict
is force against force,
and that's what keeps us stuck
in this ancient battle that's
been going on.
This battle, we
don't want to win.
We want to triumph.
Triumph is different
than winning.
The way we triumph, if the
goal is to deny our divinity,
to deny our ability to
love and heal and innovate
and create and
imagine and forgive,
then we live the best
version of our lives.
We live our humanness.
And by virtue of doing that,
we have triumphed over the evil
without having that conflict.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
They say rise above, literally.
Transform to the state above.
>> BRADEN: Precisely, and that's
precisely what is happening.
>> REGINA: It's so funny because
I never in my entire life really
ever used the word evil
until just about the timeline
you're talking about, just
really two or three years ago.
And I thought, no,
something's happening.
I'm feeling the presence of
it very clearly defined now.
>> BRADEN: Regina, it ebbs
and flows throughout history.
But this fundamental
struggle has
defined all of human history.
And what a lot of people are
so conditioned to believe
is that humans are
flawed as a species.
We're teaching this to our
young people that we are flawed.
Among our flaws are
things like human emotion
that cloud our decisions
and our judgment.
This is what we're
teaching our young people.
Because we're flawed, we're
teaching our young people--
and you and I are conditioned to
accept this as well--c is that
we need something outside
of us to be the best version
of ourselves.
It makes us victims.
We need a savior.
That savior is technology.
So technology is being
touted to everyone,
but the young people are so
vulnerable because they've never
seen a world that doesn't
have the struggle that we're
seeing right now.
So they're more
vulnerable and they're
more open and more susceptible
to accepting a computer
chip in the brain so they
can play Grand Theft Auto
with no keyboard and no cables.
>> REGINA: Or one in the arm,
so you can go to a bar and just
ring up the tab.
>> BRADEN: Yeah, the RFID, so
that's exactly what's happening.
So where this gets really,
really interesting--
I mean, all of these things have
been happening for a long time,
but they're coming
to a focus now,
because we have an
expiration date.
2030 has been-- now,
I don't know that it's
January 1, that per se.
>> REGINA: Time frames
are shifting right now,
because things are moving
so fast, so roughly around.
>> BRADEN: It's in--
they have earmarked,
and there are cosmological
reasons for that.
There are astronomical
There are ancient civilizations
have pegged the year
2030 in their calendars
hundreds of years
ago as being a
time of this shift.
So the event of 2030,
what we're seeing
are the nations of the world and
the power structures jockeying
to be in the best
position they can be in,
when this event unfolds
to accomplish that.
They need to have the biology
of every human part of this.
And this isn't coming
from a place of fear.
It's a place of recognizing
what's happening.
Now, there's another piece,
the flip side, the new science,
the new discoveries
are telling us
we are absolutely not
what we've been told.
We're so much more than
we've been led to believe.
And there are
extraordinary potentials
that we have yet to tap
within us as a species,
that we stand to lose,
Regina, because when
we replace our natural biology
with synthetic technology,
the natural abilities
begin to atrophy.
And the science
is very clear on.
Let me just give-- may I--
>> REGINA: Yeah, absolutely.
>> BRADEN: --give
one example of this?
When I was a kid, back in
the '50s, '60s, and maybe you
remember this as well.
We were always taught
we come into this world
with a fixed number
of brain cells,
and every time
you drink a beer--
>> REGINA: You lose
one or two down.
>> BRADEN: --glass of wine,
you're going to lose some.
And that was the
leverage in college
so that people wouldn't drink.
Well, now we know
that's not true.
That's not a reason
to keep drinking.
But what we know is there's
a part of the brain that
will continue to
produce these new brain
cells until the last
breath that we take.
But there's a
catch, and the catch
is why I'm sharing
this with you.
The catch is this--
unless those brain
cells are engaged
in a meaningful way
within about seven days,
about a week, they
will atrophy and die,
because the body feels that
because they're not used,
they're not needed.
All right, that
principle applies
to the entire human body.
It applies to our immune system.
It applies to our
reproductive system.
It applies to
everything in the body.
When we replace natural
biology with synthetics
and artificial
technology, our body
begins to atrophy,
those very systems
and those abilities
that are being
replaced in one generation.
Next generation, through
epigenetics, the body
says, oh, yeah, you
know, we used to do that,
but we don't need to
anymore, because now we've
got a chemical giving us
immunity to whatever--
>> REGINA: Our DNA has adjusted.
>> BRADEN: Yeah, precisely,
all of these things.
This is how you lose a species.
This is precisely how
you lose a species.
>> REGINA: Well, you and I
are 100% on the same page.
And from what you've
been talking about,
I have thousand different
directions we should go,
but I'm just going to bring
up a couple of things.
Now, let's look at WEF
and what you just told me.
Klaus is stepping down, and now
we have someone just marvelous
taking his place.
Let's talk about that.
>> BRADEN: Well, the proposal, I
don't believe it's happened yet.
The person who has,
essentially, been the confidant,
and he has had the ear of
the WEF, is Yuval Harari.
He's a historian.
He is a technologist.
>> REGINA: He's a transhumanist.
>> BRADEN: He is
definitely a transhumanist.
He very famously said-- he said
that humans are hackable animals
is the term that he's using.
And the reason they're saying
that, they're now looking at--
when you are working
with computer code, when
you can change the
code that determines
the output for a program,
that is called write--
W-R-I-T-E-- write
level permission.
He's saying we have write
level permission for human DNA.
They know just enough to be able
to tweak that DNA for an outcome
without understanding
the implications--
or if they do understand
>> REGINA: Because it's actually
advantageous to their agenda.
>> BRADEN: To whatever it is
that they are they're looking
at right now.
So this is why the relationship
between the United Nations
and the WEF is so concerning.
The UN is not what
it used to be.
The UN has been
hijacked, and I've
lost a lot of friends
talking about this.
And I think--
>> REGINA: You can talk.
>> BRADEN: Well, I think it's
something that we need to be
aware of, not to be angry
about and not to be afraid
of, in kindness.
I think in kindness, what
we're-- this is why I spoke
about the good and evil earlier.
This isn't something
necessarily that we
have to fight against when we
live, when we make the choices
and live our humanness.
Buckminster Fuller
said this the best.
He said, you're never
going to change the world
by fighting against the
things you don't like.
He said if you want a new world,
find a way that works better,
that makes the
old ways obsolete.
People will follow the new way.
When we live the truth
of our humanness--
And the new discoveries
now are telling us
how to do this, Regina.
They're telling us that
every cell in our body--
we talk about this a little bit.
Every cell in the body has an
electrical potential, 0.07--
>> REGINA: I wrote
all this down,
because I just love
this part of the book.
>> BRADEN: Well, this is--
>> REGINA: What
a great reminder.
Go through it, write down to
how many batteries it takes,
how many football fields.
Tell everybody this.
I love it.
>> BRADEN: I'll just back
up about a half a sentence.
>> REGINA: Sure.
>> BRADEN: What's changed
is, in the old days,
we used to think of biology
as sticky, wet, gooey,
mushy stuff inside the cells.
And we learned about
it in a biology book.
All that changed
about six years ago,
and not many people
were talking about that.
The scientists that
are in the know
are now looking at this
biology from an IT perspective,
information technology, not
sticky, gooey, wet, mushy stuff,
but how well we are able to
massage information systems.
We are literally
a soft technology.
We are a highly advanced,
technologically sophisticated
soft technology.
We were given the abilities
that we have, 200,000 years ago,
through a process that we
haven't even talked about
in this conversation, but we
know we're not the product
of natural random
mutations in biology.
There was an intelligent
intervention.
Scientists know that.
They look at human
chromosome number
2 is the flagship example
of why that happened
or chromosome number 7.
So it's beyond the scope of
what we can do well here, I just
want to say.
>> REGINA: So in other words,
saying a few hundred thousand
years ago, there was
a hack, and we were--
>> BRADEN: We were given--
>> REGINA: --given, yeah.
>> BRADEN: --given the gifts of
these extraordinary potentials
that were only
beginning to understand,
and the ability to awaken those
is actually the core of some
of our most ancient, cherished,
and mysterious spiritual
traditions.
>> REGINA: Because if you
listen to anyone in the field
of esoterica, from
hundreds of years ago,
thousands of years ago to
today, they would say, well,
what are you essentially
comprised of?
And they'd say, light.
>> BRADEN: Yeah.
>> REGINA: So let's go back.
>> BRADEN: So, this is it.
So the average human has about
50 trillion, give or take--
50 trillion cells
in the human body.
Every one of those
cells, literally-- this
isn't a metaphor--
literally, is the equivalent
of a microcircuit, a
nano circuit, almost.
It is the equivalent
of a gated circuit.
You have an input.
You have an output.
There are components within
the cell that do all the things
that a circuit does.
We have components
in our cells that
are the equivalent of
transistors, of resistors,
of capacitors.
And I'm smiling--
>> REGINA: Transferring of
some information is astounding.
>> BRADEN: Well it
is, I'm smiling.
I did this with a group
recently, a live group,
and they were very young people.
When I say young, they were
in their teens and 20s.
>> REGINA: What's a transistor?
>> BRADEN: And I had pictures
of transistors, resistors,
and capacitors.
And they said, what are those?
And then the next picture
was a microcircuit.
And they said, oh,
we know what that is.
And I said, well, all of
these now fit on that micro.
And they said, OK, I'm with you.
I'm with you now.
But that happened
just in our lifetime.
That's how fast.
But it doesn't stop there.
Because every cell emits
photons, particles of light.
Every cell receives
Light is information.
So we are constantly
in dialogue,
in communication with one
another in the world around us.
We may not know
what we're saying,
but we're sending
that information.
Every cell stores information
and retrieves information, just
the way we do on
a computer chip.
I'm just going to share
a couple more of these,
because it's a mind blower.
The DNA in the
nucleus of every cell
holds a record of every
successful genetic transaction
of our entire species.
Now, listen to the words
that are being used.
That record is transparent.
It is immutable,
and it's secure.
And if that sounds familiar
to any of our viewers,
it's because those are exactly
the terms being used to describe
blockchain technology.
>> REGINA: Bitcoin, yep.
>> BRADEN: Bitcoin was the
first example of the blockchain
technology, because that
external technology is built
copying--
It mimics what we
already do in our bodies.
All of the external technology--
I worked in the defense
industry during the Cold War
years, Star Wars Defense, SDI,
Star Wars Defense Initiative.
At that time, I saw some of
the most advanced technology,
that this world has ever known.
And Regina, I'm
going to tell you,
I have yet to see anything
built out there, that
doesn't mimic what we already do
in here, except we do it better.
Let me give another example.
The scientist recently
compared a human brain
to a microprocessor.
>> REGINA: Yes, I love this.
>> BRADEN: When
people say, well,
how do you make that equivalent?
This is pretty cool.
They determined that the
average number of synapses
in the brain, the place
between the neurons, where
we see that little spark jump,
the number of those synapses
happens to be about the number--
same number of
transistors that we
have on our most
advanced microprocessors.
So they're calling
those the equivalents.
And the bottom line,
what they found
is that the brain processes
hundredfold more efficiently
than the best computers.
But listen to this.
I love technology, and
computer chips, they are fast.
They are efficient.
Are they scalable?
A computer chip can only
scale to the level--
It's limited by the physics
of the stuff it's made of.
So if the silicon
chip, the information
can only move between those
silicon atoms, a certain rate,
so we say that it is
finite in its scalability.
Now, look at a human neuron.
What is our scalability?
And the answer
is, we don't know.
Because every time scientists
push a human brain,
and they push those neurons
to what they have accepted
is the limits in the past--
>> REGINA: We exceed it.
>> BRADEN: We do what humans
do, and here's the reason.
This is what makes
us so different.
We morph, and we adapt
to the new condition.
And we open an entire
new vista of potential.
And we do it again
and again and again.
What is our scalability?
The answer is we don't know.
>> REGINA: We don't know.
I want to go nerd out, go
back on the amount of wattage
that we create.
>> BRADEN: Sure.
>> REGINA: I'm going to nerd out
on it because I wrote this all
down from your book.
OK, so you talked
about 3.5 trillion--
>> BRADEN: Thank you for
reading my books, Regina.
>> REGINA: I read every word--
3.5 trillion volts
of electricity.
And it says here, it takes 8,078
12-volt car batteries to fill
a football stadium.
It takes 371,000 of these
stadiums full of these
batteries, to match the voltage
potential of one human being.
>> BRADEN: The potential.
>> REGINA: The
voltage potential.
Everything's a potential, right?
>> BRADEN: So where did
that number come from?
50 trillion-- the average 50
trillion cells, 0.07 volts.
They say. well, that's not
very much, and you're right.
But you do the math.
0.07 times 50 trillion
is 3.5 trillion volts
of electrical potential.
What if we could apply
that to our immune system,
or to our intuition, our deep
intuition, or to resilience,
or longevity?
And we do all of these.
And this is the point--
the goal of evil is
to deny our divinity.
Our divinity is the ability to
awaken every one of the things
we're talking about now.
When we lose our
divinity, we become
vulnerable and
susceptible to the ideas
and the agendas of others.
We're still alive.
We are no longer innovating.
We're no longer
accessing the ability
to take self-responsibility
for our own immune response
and our own
imagination creativity.
Another study, virtual reality,
has been around long enough.
Psychology Today
published an article,
young children-- so for
example, three years old,
these kids have breakfast,
and their parents
sit them in the living room.
They put an AI
visor to keep them
entertained for three
hours a day, every day.
And they began--
over time, they began
to see what was happening
with these children.
What they found was
that, first of all,
their bodies were diminished
physically, because they're not
using them, obviously.
>> REGINA: Atrophying.
>> BRADEN: Compared to
other children their age,
their cognitive abilities
were diminished.
Their ability, their
communication abilities,
their problem-solving
abilities were all diminished.
Now, think about
what's happening.
They're witnessing the AI, and
they're seeing colors and scenes
and sounds that they would never
see playing with their friends
in the backyard.
It's all being done for them.
There is no imagination that's
being used, no creativity.
They're observing, and that
was reflected in the study,
because there's a
part of their brain
that was actually enlarging.
The visual cortex is
actually thickening,
because that's the
part of the brain
that they're using, while
all of these other abilities
are atrophying.
Now, the good news--
the good news, through
epigenetics, this
is how sophisticated we are.
All of that can be reversed,
and it can be reversed quickly.
Put the goggles away.
Go outside in the sun,
feet on the earth.
>> REGINA: Play
with your friends.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Build a fort, whatever.
>> BRADEN: I joke about this.
I have a younger brother.
I grew up in the
Midwest, '50s, '60s.
We'd go in the living room.
We'd have a couple of
chairs close together.
We'd throw a blanket over
it, and now we've got a tent.
>> REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>> BRADEN: But
not just any tent.
We were in a tent on the
surface of an unexplored planet.
So we put on our raincoats
and our rain suits
and the radiation of
the unexplored planet.
And the point is--
>> REGINA: You were two
little science nerds.
>> BRADEN: Well, I was.
And the point is, we were
using our imagination.
And these young
kids that are being
indoctrinated in this
technology are losing that.
And it's happening to the degree
that the scientists can now
document in peer-reviewed
science as saying,
this is not good for us.
It's not good for us
humans, all right?
And that's the point.
The science is never
right, wrong, good, or bad.
It's the thinking
underlying how it's applied.
AI can do amazing things.
And I want to give
just an example.
If you've got a computer
chip in the brain,
and you are a man or a woman who
is given your life to serving
your country in a battlefield
on the other side of the planet
come home, missing
arms and legs,
what an absolutely
beautiful thing
to have that computer
chip in the brain,
talk to the new
robotic prosthetics
so that you can hold
your babies in your arms.
And you can brush your own
teeth, and brush your own hair,
and feed yourself.
What a beautiful thing.
One of the proposals are to
integrate these technologies,
not one off as needed, but
for all newborns everywhere
to create this--
and this is what they're saying.
It has to be adopted by
everybody, or it won't work.
This world that's
envisioned, it won't work,
unless everyone adopts
these technologies.
So my goal, twofold.
My goal in writing and
having these conversations
is the very least--
invite a deeper appreciation
for what it means to be human
and for our humanness.
And maybe even one
step further is,
I was hesitating, not
just an appreciation,
but a sense of pride.
I'm deeply proud of
our human species
and what our
potential is, and we
stand on the verge of giving
it away before we even know
what we're about to give away.
And it's not going to happen
20 years in the future.
It's right now, because the
laws are already being written,
the policies are already
being implemented.
And we need to wake up to
the deep truth of who we are.
There's something so precious
and so ancient and so sacred
and so beautiful inside of each
of us, Regina, that it is worth
the powers that be to go
to the extremes that are
going to deny us that power.
That tells you how not
just valuable, precious,
sacred this essence is, that
we're about to give away.
And for me, that inspires me
to advocate for our humanness.
I think we're worth preserving.
>> REGINA: Oh, I
couldn't agree more.
And the book I referred
to earlier, what we did,
The Future Human, they
talked about this one thing,
the thing that ultimately
will separate us from anything
that they attempt to do.
And that has to do with--
you mentioned it earlier--
this capacity for the heart
energy, the heart intelligence,
love, and to be able
to run the greater
mind through the heart, which AI
will never be able to imitate.
It doesn't have the
capability to do that.
>> BRADEN: Well AI cannot
access human divinity.
>> REGINA: No, it cannot.
>> BRADEN: So what
a lot of people,
the disconnect is that people
rarely link divinity to biology.
We can only access
our divine potentials
through the DNA in the
cells, in our bodies,
if we don't have healthy bodies.
And if we don't have a full
complement of neurons and cells
and DNA, we can't access--
We're still breathing.
We can still follow
instructions.
We can still be worker bees.
Where's the imagination,
the creativity?
Where's the empathy, the
sympathy, the compassion,
the forgiveness.
AI will never do that.
So let me--
>> REGINA: They can
try to imitate it,
but it can't actually do it.
>> BRADEN: Exactly.
There was a
peer-reviewed journal.
It was the Journal of
Alternative and Complementary
Medicine, and the
statement was that--
and I'm going to do
this from memory--
there's compelling evidence to
suggest that the human heart is
coupled to a field of
information that is not limited
by the laws of physics--
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> BRADEN: --that is not
bound by space and time.
>> REGINA: That's correct.
Yeah.
>> BRADEN: Now we know, 1991,
40,000 specialized cells,
sensory neurites were
discovered in the heart.
These are brain cells,
but not on the brain.
They're in the heart.
And these neurons, you can
think of them as antennae,
and they are literally tuned
to a place in the field that
underlies all existence.
They're tuned in a way that
gives us access to information.
This is why remote
viewing works.
I tell a story in the book.
A mother in Brisbane,
Australia, woke up at 3
o'clock-ish in the morning,
sensing that her son
in the battlefield, in the
Middle East, was in trouble.
She called his
commanding officer,
and they said, no, he's on
a routine patrol, no trouble
at all.
She knew before the CO did
that her son was in trouble,
and in fact, his convoy
had hit a series of IEDs.
And the vehicle in front of
him had been directly hit.
He was thrown out of his
vehicle, but he was alive,
and he was able to work and
pull the others from the burning
vehicles and save them.
Then, he called his
mom, and his mom
and his wife, who were living
in the same house together.
And they said, we've been
praying for you since 3 o'clock
in the morning.
And he said, well,
how did you know?
And she said, I had a feeling.
Now, the new studies
are showing--
and this is a mind blower.
A lot of people don't know this.
When a woman conceives, in
her womb, whether it comes
full term or not, doesn't
make any difference,
her blood is moving
through that fetus.
The fetus blood is
moving through her.
And so what the new studies,
the science is showing,
is that the baby's DNA will
lodge in organs of the mother's
body, specifically the liver.
And the mother's DNA will
lodge in her child, either
male or female, and now that we
know that the DNA, literally,
is an antenna.
It means that we are in
energetic communication
through the DNA with our mother.
That's where the
intuition comes from.
And it also helps
us to understand
when we lose our parents, or
when a parent loses a child,
and we say it
hurts, it literally,
what we're describing is
the feeling of the severing
of the energetic connection
that we have known,
has become so familiar to us.
It's the loss of that connection
that creates the hurt.
I'm hesitating.
I lost my mom to COVID.
>> REGINA: I remember, and
I lost my father shortly
thereafter.
You came in here, I think,
just a few days later.
I came in here a few
days after my dad died.
We both were going through this.
>> BRADEN: We were.
I remember that, Regina.
And the reason
I'm bringing it up
now is because I went to the
ER twice with chest pains
when my mom passed.
Both times, they said, Mr.
Braden, why are you here?
You are in excellent physical--
the doctor came in and said,
he ran all the test.
He was busy.
He said, you're in excellent
physical condition.
He said, it's all in your head.
Go home.
And I'm saying, well,
I'm feeling something.
And so the nurse came
in, and the nurse
did something the
doctor didn't do.
She said, Mr. Braden, what's
happening in your life?
And I started to say,
I'm losing my mom,
and I couldn't even
get the words out.
And I was-- and I
wasn't even crying.
I was sobbing.
And she said, that is
a somatic response.
She said, you're dealing
with unresolved grief,
and the grief, actually, it
cramps the little muscles
around the heart.
And it's hard to
tell that you're not
having a cardiac event.
She says, you're not.
I went to grief counseling
twice and resolved that
and never had to
think about it again.
But that is how powerful
this connection is between.
Now, we went back, and we said
a lot of the new discoveries,
they're published in these
obscure technical journals.
They're not in biology books.
So there is a journal
of soft computing
that just published an
article, and that literally
says that human DNA functions
as a fractal antenna, tuned
to wavelengths and
frequencies that were only
beginning to understand.
Now, what a fractal--
an antenna tuned to a
signal, we know that.
Fractal means that
antenna is tuning
to an array of many signals
across a broad bandwidth.
We're in this communication.
That's why our intuition
with one another works.
That's why the
remote viewing works.
It's a very different way of
thinking about the human body,
and we stand to lose all
of it through this process.
>> REGINA: Human is really
going to start ramping up
in our abilities.
It's coming online much
more rapidly, I think,
because we have to
start rising above what
we're being positioned against.
And so these things
don't happen randomly.
It's no surprise that a
much larger percentage
of the population is starting
to wake up to their intuition.
And even Hollywood is starting
to mimic all these themes
of governmental manipulation.
>> BRADEN: Sure.
>> REGINA: Nothing
is as it seems.
>> BRADEN: Well, it's showing
up in the entertainment.
There is a theory out there
now, a view of our reality,
that says consciousness informs
itself through its creations.
So when we see movies of
young people wakening up
their superpowers or
movies, like Avatar,
reminding us our relationship
to the natural world
or The Matrix that says
there's a world we can't see,
that influences the
world we can't see,
and we live in
both those worlds.
The theory says that's
us, a part of us,
asking ourselves to create
what we need to see and hear
and smell and sense and taste to
remind ourselves of who we are.
So I think it's no accident.
All these series and
films are coming out
about investigative
reporters, who are doing it
all from intuition and all--
>> REGINA: Yes, I love it.
>> BRADEN: --or
something like that.
>> REGINA: I love it.
I mean, it is being
reflected back to us,
and we are co-creating that.
So now, we only
have a few minutes
left, six or seven minutes left.
Let's talk about how
we start disengaging,
because right now,
we're to the point
where most of the people I know
are now engaging with ChatGPT,
for example.
They're letting it
write copy for them.
do creative projects.
Kids are letting it do homework.
Now, that is--
>> BRADEN: The Grammys--
this came up in the Grammys
because the Grammy music
was competing against people
who had spent their lifetimes
mastering these instruments.
That's exactly what's happening.
>> REGINA: So now, you get to
be King of the world for a day,
and you're going to choose how
we start interfacing with this
stuff, because that is going to
begin very rapidly atrophying
the creative capabilities.
>> BRADEN: Well,
you just asked me,
if I were president
of the world,
first thing I would do is, I
would bring these world leaders
together, with no armies
and no technology in a room,
to look one another in the eyes
and talk about our children
and say whatever time we
have left in this world,
how much good can we do?
How far can we take this world
and the people that trust
us enough to put us in power?
That's the first
thing I would do.
When it comes to the
technology, it's not
right or wrong, good or bad.
We are learning to
allow the technology
to serve us rather
than enslave us.
And what's happening
is the technology
has advanced faster than the
morality of how we implement it
in our lives.
So we're playing a
game of catch up.
>> REGINA: So
where do you start?
Average household,
You've got kids.
They're on their devices.
Now, you know they know
they don't even have
to do their homework anymore.
They can have something
else ready for them.
Where do you begin?
>> BRADEN: I think it
goes deeper than that.
I think we owe it to
the younger generation
to instill within them a
sense of pride and value
for their humanness,
for who they are,
that there's something inside
of them that is so rare,
and it is ancient,
and it is precious,
and it is beautiful that
is worth preserving.
Because nobody's telling
our young kids that.
They're telling them
that they're flawed.
They need something
outside of their body.
>> REGINA: That their mere
presence is killing the planet.
>> BRADEN: All right, so
by virtue of being carbon,
that carbon-based life
is killing the planet.
>> REGINA: Killing the planet.
That's not true.
>> BRADEN: When we begin to
instill these values within
our young people, what comes
with that is the appreciation
for our own imagination,
our own creativity.
And we feel less of
an urgency to use
ChatGPT and things like that.
>> REGINA: Because we are
unique in and of ourselves.
>> BRADEN: That's
where I would begin.
Parents, right now, I know
it's a very different way
of thinking.
I think, obviously,
we all know to limit
the use of how these things and
to regulate how these things are
being used in our lives.
But if we go to the core of the
problem, then it solves itself.
When young people develop that
sense of appreciation, of pride
for what it means
to be a human life
and the extraordinary
potentials,
that they see on those movies,
they have within themselves,
then they are focused
on developing those.
They don't feel the need to
have something do it for them,
because they know the most
precious thing, Regina, is it
all comes down to love.
And what we're asking
ourselves, as a society,
and what we're asking
our young people,
do we love ourselves enough to
accept the deep truth of what
it means to be human
and the responsibility
of human divinity?
Do we love ourselves
enough to accept it?
And the answer is not verbal.
It's the way we live our
lives, the choices that we
make with our lives.
>> REGINA: I agree with that.
>> BRADEN: And that's what I
think we're really talking about
here.
>> REGINA: I think so too.
So we're going to go
back for just a moment
to the world of entertainment.
So in a sense, when
kids are being bombarded
with all the Marvel
movies, you've
got some pretty dark characters.
There's a lot of violence.
But in the end, there's
someone, there's
some kid, someone that just
has the power to do right,
and it has all of the
abilities within themselves.
It has the mental, the
spiritual capabilities.
In a sense, that's actually
positive programming
for younger people.
>> BRADEN: It is
positive programming.
And when we talk about the many
ways that evil is implemented,
there's--
kinetic evil is on
the battlefields.
In the entertainment
industry, there
is an effort to normalize
evil in our lives.
>> REGINA: Yes, and
that's not cool.
>> BRADEN: No, I mean, if you
want to see a perfect example
of that, you look at the
Grammys a couple of years ago
and the concert that
happened during the Grammys.
Sam Smith, who was
doing that concert--
I don't know if I can say
that-- but it was there,
and a lot of people
were really upset.
Because it was-- although
they said, this is art,
it very clearly portrayed the
demonization and the denigration
of women, and the upliftment
of evil in our lives
in a way that was forced upon
the entire global viewing
audience that night.
>> REGINA: Yes.
So instead, we can turn
to, perhaps, superwoman.
One thing just as--
>> BRADEN: Gaia TV.
>> REGINA: And Gaia TV.
There is this one
comment in the book
I was talking about earlier, The
Future Human, where they said--
I said, well, tell us
then, as our senses,
they said, do you
have an explosion
of what's going to
happen with the senses
and the extra senses that's
coming in your future.
They're very positive
about where we're headed.
But say, you've
got a tricky time
to make these decisions right
now, just like you're saying.
And I said, well, what
would that look like?
Can you give us an idea?
And they said, well,
you have a movie
called Avatar, where they're
living in complete harmony
with each other, with
nature, with their food
supplies and the plant
and animal kingdom.
That's more similar
to where you're
headed than anything else.
>> BRADEN: That was the highest
grossing box office film
in history, and it
spoke to people.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> BRADEN: And they
didn't know why.
It's because--
>> REGINA: We're going there.
>> BRADEN: --we're
reminding ourselves,
this is what we are asking
ourselves to remember about
ourselves.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Absolutely.
We're down to a minute or so,
and this has been so wonderful.
We're completely
on the same page.
>> BRADEN: I knew
it would go fast.
>> REGINA: Oh, God, it flies.
Final thoughts,
Gregg, before we go.
>> BRADEN: I'll share
my final thought.
I think it all
comes down to love.
Do we love ourselves enough to
accept the gift of our humanness
and what it means in our lives?
I think we're worth preserving.
And this is the generation
where we make that choice.
>> REGINA: I agree, and
we imprint on our children
the incredible capabilities,
maybe let them watch Avatar
and Gaia TV.
>> BRADEN: Well, thank you for
the opportunity to have this
conversation and for all you do
to keep our community informed
and in the loop.
I appreciate that tremendously.
>> REGINA: Thank
you so much, Gregg.
It's good seeing you again.
The name of Gregg's new book
again is called Pure Human.
This is something we all need
to engage with, seriously,
for the sake of
all of our futures.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.